Part I

1. Make a directory called first

mkdir first

2. Change directory to the first folder

cd first

3. Create a file called person.txt

touch person.txt

4. Change the name of person.txt to another.txt

mv person.txt another.txt

5. Make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt

cp another.txt copy.txt 

6. Remove the copy.txt file

rm copy.txt

7. Make a copy of the first folder and call it second

cp -R ../first ../second

8. Delete the second folder

rm -R ../second

Part II 

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scorll and get out?

The man command will bring up a manual for the command following it.
You scroll with the up and down errors.
You get out by pressing the q key.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?

The -l flag will display the files using a long listing format showing more details.
The -a flag will include hidden files (files beginning with ".")

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?

Holding ctrl and pressing the left or right arrow will allow you to jump a word to the left or right respectively

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?

You get to end of a line by pressing ctrl + e keys.

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?

Move the cursor to beginning of terminal by pressing ctrl + a keys.

6. How do you delete a word (without presiing backspace multiple times) in terminal?

The ctrl + u keys will delete the word your cursor is on up to the point where the cursor currently is.

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?

The terminal is how the user interacts with the machine (input commands receive outputs) while the shell is what interprets and executes those commands.

8. What is an absolute path?

An absolute path is the path to a file or directory from the root (/) directory.

9. What is a relative path?

A relative path is the path to a file or directory from the current directory.

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.

Flags are modifiers for a command. 3 exaples of flags I have used are:

1. -l with ls to see the permissions for the files in a directory.
2. -R to perform something recusively over a directory (for example using chmod to change permissions for all the files in the directory)
3. -S to sort files by size

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

The r flag will remove directories and their contents recusively.
The f flag will force remove (ignore nonexistent files and arguments).